README.md, before:

# casei-flights-js

Process flights data files from NASA CMR portal and convert it to GeoJSON format. It supports both txt or icartt files.

## Installing

Use `yarn install` to install this library in your environment.

## Usage

### Process a plaftorm file collection

After downloading the files and storing it in a directory, execute the following command to process all the files in a directory:

```
yarn process <DIR>
```

It's expected that the directory structure is `./<campaign>/<deployment>/<platform_name>`, so the metadata that will be associated with the features will be get from the folder structure.

All the data files will be converted and merged into a single GeoJSON file.

### Process a campaign file collection

We can process a campaign file collection with 

```
yarn process_all <DIR>
```

In this case, the `<DIR>` is the campaign folder, which contains the deployments and platforms as subdirectories. It will generate a single geojson file, named as `<CAMPAIGN>.geojson`.

Commit message:

Fix error in convert command and document it

README.md, after:

# casei-flights-js

Process flights data files from NASA CMR portal and convert it to GeoJSON format. It supports both `txt` or `icartt` files.

## Installing

Use `yarn install` to install this library in your environment.

## Usage

### Process a plaftorm file collection

After downloading the files and storing it in a directory, execute the following command to process all the files in a directory:

```
yarn process <DIR>
```

It's expected that the directory structure is `./<campaign>/<deployment>/<platform_name>`, so the metadata that will be associated with the features will be get from the folder structure.

All the data files will be converted and merged into a single GeoJSON file.

### Process a campaign file collection

We can process a campaign file collection with 

```
yarn process_all <DIR>
```

In this case, the `<DIR>` is the campaign folder, which contains the deployments and platforms as subdirectories. It will generate a single geojson file, named as `<CAMPAIGN>.geojson`.

### Convert a single file

We can also convert a single `.ict` or `.txt` file with the following command:

```
yarn convert <FILE>
```
